Replace Greenpill Dev Guild references with Gardens in SECURITY.md (#3)
1Hive/.github: SECURITY.md

## Overview

Gardens is dedicated to maintaining the security and privacy of our projects and user data. This document outlines our security practices and provides guidance on how to report potential vulnerabilities. We encourage everyone to responsibly disclose security vulnerabilities to help us protect our projects and our community.

## Supported Versions

We currently support the latest major and minor versions of each project unless otherwise specified. For unsupported versions, security updates may not be provided.

| Project          | Supported Version | End-of-Life Policy |
| ---------------- | ----------------- | ------------------- |
| Gardens v2       | Latest Version   | N/A for legacy versions, patches for critical issues only |
| Gardens v1       | Legacy Support   | Security patches only for critical vulnerabilities |
| 1Hive Commons    | Latest Version   | N/A for legacy versions, patches for critical issues only |

## Reporting a Vulnerability

If you identify a potential security vulnerability in any of our repositories, please follow these steps:

> 1. **Contact**: Email the issue details to our security team at [security@1hive.org].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Contact**: Email the issue details to our security team at [corantin.noll@gmail.com].
```

If you have questions about this policy or need further information:

> - **Security Team Contact**: [security@1hive.org]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Security Team Contact**: [corantin.noll@gmail.com]
```
